If you're trying to
access a virtual machine
that is running on your system,
the easiest way is to simply
start up the virtual machine
and interact with its VirtualBox.
For this course, there really is no need to
connect to the virtual
machine over the network.
I really recommend just typing into the
virtual machine directly for this course.
Here's an example.
I've went ahead and started VirtualBox
on my local machine or my host system,
and I have a virtual box that is running.
I'm simply going to open this virtual box
and you can see that it's in a window,
in a virtual box window.
You can see the menu options
from VirtualBox itself.
So what I'm going to do is
simply click into this virtual machine
and then interact with it
as if it were a real physical Linux machine
that I'm sitting in front of.
You know, I can do things like
start a terminal
or start a web browser and I can,
you know, just type right into the system.
And that's really how I recommend you
go through this course.
However if you want to connect
to the virtual machine
that is running on your computer
over the network,
see the lesson on this topic
toward the end of the course.
I created that lesson specifically
for the few students
who asked to learn more about that topic.
I placed it at the end of the course
because it requires
the use of some techniques
that are not covered until later.
Again, that lesson is totally optional
and I recommend that
you proceed with this course
and only watch that lesson if you're
specifically interested in that topic
and that you watch that lesson
only after you've seen
all the other lessons in this course.